Amend description of ASIM on Sentinel's source telemetry (#111116)
Azure/azure-content: articles/sentinel/normalization.md

Sometimes, you'll need separate rules, workbooks, and queries, even when data types share common elements, such as firewall devices. Correlating between different types of data during an investigation and hunting can also be challenging.

> The Advanced Security Information Model (ASIM) is a layer that is located between these diverse sources and the user. ASIM follows the [robustness principle](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robustness_principle): **"Be strict in what you send, be flexible in what you accept"**. Using the robustness principle as design pattern, ASIM transforms Microsoft Sentinel's proprietry source telemetry to user friendly data to facilitate exchange and integration. 

Reviewer: Good catch, however, the original is not just negative but not entirely accurate. I suggest "...transforms the proprietary source telemetry collected by Microsoft Sentinel to user friendly data to facilitate exchange and integration."

> The Advanced Security Information Model (ASIM) is a layer that is located between these diverse sources and the user. ASIM follows the [robustness principle](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robustness_principle): **"Be strict in what you send, be flexible in what you accept"**. Using the robustness principle as design pattern, ASIM transforms Microsoft Sentinel's proprietry source telemetry to user friendly data to facilitate exchange and integration. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Advanced Security Information Model (ASIM) is a layer that is located between these diverse sources and the user. ASIM follows the [robustness principle](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robustness_principle): **"Be strict in what you send, be flexible in what you accept"**. Using the robustness principle as design pattern, ASIM transforms the proprietary source telemetry collected by Microsoft Sentinel to user friendly data to facilitate exchange and integration. 
```
